python-sdk/query.mdx, before:

---
title: "query"
description: "Generate completion using relevant chunks as context"
---

# query

Generate completion using relevant chunks as context.

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Sync">
    ```python
    def query(
        query: str,
        filters: Optional[Dict[str, Any]] = None,
        k: int = 4,
        min_score: float = 0.0,
        max_tokens: Optional[int] = None,
        temperature: Optional[float] = None,
        use_colpali: bool = True,
        graph_name: Optional[str] = None,
        hop_depth: int = 1,
        include_paths: bool = False,
        prompt_overrides: Optional[Union[QueryPromptOverrides, Dict[str, Any]]] = None,
        schema: Optional[Union[Type[BaseModel], Dict[str, Any]]] = None,
        llm_config: Optional[Dict[str, Any]] = None,
    ) -> CompletionResponse
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Async">
    ```python
    async def query(
        query: str,
        filters: Optional[Dict[str, Any]] = None,
        k: int = 4,
        min_score: float = 0.0,
        max_tokens: Optional[int] = None,
        temperature: Optional[float] = None,
        use_colpali: bool = True,
        graph_name: Optional[str] = None,
        hop_depth: int = 1,
        include_paths: bool = False,
        prompt_overrides: Optional[Union[QueryPromptOverrides, Dict[str, Any]]] = None,
        schema: Optional[Union[Type[BaseModel], Dict[str, Any]]] = None,
        llm_config: Optional[Dict[str, Any]] = None,
    ) -> CompletionResponse
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## Parameters

- `query` (str): Query text
- `filters` (Dict[str, Any], optional): Optional metadata filters
- `k` (int, optional): Number of chunks to use as context. Defaults to 4.
- `min_score` (float, optional): Minimum similarity threshold. Defaults to 0.0.
- `max_tokens` (int, optional): Maximum tokens in completion
- `temperature` (float, optional): Model temperature
- `use_colpali` (bool, optional): Whether to use ColPali-style embedding model to generate the completion (only works for documents ingested with `use_colpali=True`). Defaults to True.
- `graph_name` (str, optional): Optional name of the graph to use for knowledge graph-enhanced retrieval
- `hop_depth` (int, optional): Number of relationship hops to traverse in the graph (1-3). Defaults to 1.
- `include_paths` (bool, optional): Whether to include relationship paths in the response. Defaults to False.
- `prompt_overrides` (QueryPromptOverrides | Dict[str, Any], optional): Optional customizations for entity extraction, resolution, and query prompts
- `schema` (Type[BaseModel] | Dict[str, Any], optional): Optional schema for structured output, can be a Pydantic model or a JSON schema dict
- `llm_config` (Dict[str, Any], optional): Optional LiteLLM-compatible model configuration (e.g., model name, API key, base URL). Allows overriding the default LLM configuration on a per-query basis. Defaults to None.

## Metadata Filters

Use the same JSON filters described in the [Metadata Filtering concept](/concepts/metadata-filtering) to restrict which documents feed into the completion. Example:

```python
filters = {
    "$and": [
        {"project": {"$eq": "delta"}},
        {"start_date": {"$lte": "2024-06-01T00:00:00Z"}},
        {"end_date": {"$gte": "2024-06-01T00:00:00Z"}}
    ]
}

response = db.query(
    "Summarize current scope changes",
    filters=filters,
    k=6,
    temperature=0.3
)
```

## Returns

- `CompletionResponse`: Response containing the completion, source information, and potentially structured output.

## Examples

### Standard Query

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Sync">
    ```python
    from morphik import Morphik
    
    db = Morphik()
    
    response = db.query(
        "What are the key findings about customer satisfaction?",
        filters={"department": "research"},
        temperature=0.7
    )
    
    print(response.completion)
    
    # Print the sources used for the completion
    for source in response.sources:
        print(f"Document ID: {source.document_id}, Chunk: {source.chunk_number}, Score: {source.score}")
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Async">
    ```python
    from morphik import AsyncMorphik
    
    async with AsyncMorphik() as db:
        response = await db.query(
            "What are the key findings about customer satisfaction?",
            filters={"department": "research"},
            temperature=0.7
        )
        
        print(response.completion)
        
        # Print the sources used for the completion
        for source in response.sources:
            print(f"Document ID: {source.document_id}, Chunk: {source.chunk_number}, Score: {source.score}")
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

### Knowledge Graph Enhanced Query

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Sync">
    ```python
    from morphik import Morphik
    
    db = Morphik()
    
    # Use a knowledge graph to enhance the query
    response = db.query(
        "How does product X relate to customer segment Y?",
        graph_name="market_graph",
        hop_depth=2,
        include_paths=True
    )
    
    print(response.completion)
    
    # If include_paths=True, you can inspect the graph paths
    if response.metadata and "graph" in response.metadata:
        for path in response.metadata["graph"]["paths"]:
            print(" -> ".join(path))
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Async">
    ```python
    from morphik import AsyncMorphik
    
    async with AsyncMorphik() as db:
        # Knowledge graph enhanced query
        kg_response = await db.query(
            "How does product X relate to customer segment Y?",
            graph_name="market_graph",
            hop_depth=2,
            include_paths=True
        )
        
        print(kg_response.completion)
        
        # If include_paths=True, you can inspect the graph paths
        if kg_response.metadata and "graph" in kg_response.metadata:
            for path in kg_response.metadata["graph"]["paths"]:
                print(" -> ".join(path))
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

### With Custom Prompt Overrides

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Sync">
    ```python
    from morphik import Morphik
    from morphik.models import QueryPromptOverride, QueryPromptOverrides
    
    db = Morphik()
    
    # Using the QueryPromptOverrides object
    response = db.query(
        "What are the key findings?",
        filters={"category": "research"},
        prompt_overrides=QueryPromptOverrides(
            query=QueryPromptOverride(
                prompt_template="Answer the question in a formal, academic tone: {question}\n\nContext:\n{context}\n\nAnswer:"
            )
        )
    )
    
    # Alternatively, using a dictionary
    response = db.query(
        "What are the key findings?",
        filters={"category": "research"},
        prompt_overrides={
            "query": {
                "prompt_template": "Answer the question in a formal, academic tone: {question}\n\nContext:\n{context}\n\nAnswer:"
            }
        }
    )
    
    print(response.completion)
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Async">
    ```python
    from morphik import AsyncMorphik
    from morphik.models import QueryPromptOverride, EntityExtractionPromptOverride, QueryPromptOverrides
    
    async with AsyncMorphik() as db:
        # Example with both query and entity extraction customization
        response = await db.query(
            "How does the medication affect diabetes?",
            graph_name="medical_graph",
            prompt_overrides=QueryPromptOverrides(
                # Customize how responses are generated
                query=QueryPromptOverride(
                    prompt_template="Provide a concise, medically accurate answer: {question}\n\nContext:\n{context}\n\nAnswer:"
                ),
                # Customize entity extraction
                entity_extraction=EntityExtractionPromptOverride(
                    examples=[
                        {"label": "Insulin", "type": "MEDICATION"},
                        {"label": "Diabetes", "type": "CONDITION"}
                    ]
                )
            )
        )
        
        print(response.completion)
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## CompletionResponse Properties

The `CompletionResponse` object returned by this method has the following properties:

- `completion` (str | Dict[str, Any] | None): The generated completion text or the structured output dictionary.
- `usage` (Dict[str, int]): Token usage information
- `sources` (List[ChunkSource]): Sources of chunks used in the completion
- `metadata` (Dict[str, Any], optional): Additional metadata about the completion. When using a knowledge graph with `include_paths=True`, this contains graph traversal information.
- `finish_reason` (Optional[str]): Reason the generation finished (e.g., 'stop', 'length')

### ChunkSource Properties

Each `ChunkSource` object in the `sources` list has the following properties:

- `document_id` (str): ID of the source document
- `chunk_number` (int): Chunk number within the document
- `score` (Optional[float]): Relevance score (if available)

### Using Custom LLM Configuration

<Note>
The `llm_config` parameter is available in SDK version 0.2.5 and later.
</Note>

Use the `llm_config` parameter to override the default LLM configuration on a per-query basis. This allows you to use different models, API keys, or other LiteLLM-compatible settings for specific queries.

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Sync">
    ```python
    from morphik import Morphik
    
    db = Morphik()
    
    # Use GPT-4 for a specific query
    response = db.query(
        "What are the key findings?",
        llm_config={
            "model": "gpt-4",
            "api_key": "sk-...",
            "base_url": "https://api.openai.com/v1",
            "temperature": 0.7,
            "max_tokens": 2000
        }
    )
    
    print(response.completion)
    
    # Use Claude for another query
    response = db.query(
        "Summarize the research findings",
        llm_config={
            "model": "claude-3-opus-20240229",
            "api_key": "your-anthropic-key"
        }
    )
    
    print(response.completion)
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Async">
    ```python
    from morphik import AsyncMorphik
    
    async with AsyncMorphik() as db:
        # Use GPT-4 for a specific query
        response = await db.query(
            "What are the key findings?",
            llm_config={
                "model": "gpt-4",
                "api_key": "sk-...",
                "base_url": "https://api.openai.com/v1",
                "temperature": 0.7,
                "max_tokens": 2000
            }
        )
        
        print(response.completion)
        
        # Use Claude for another query
        response = await db.query(
            "Summarize the research findings",
            llm_config={
                "model": "claude-3-opus-20240229",
                "api_key": "your-anthropic-key"
            }
        )
        
        print(response.completion)
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

### Using Structured Output

Use the `schema` parameter to get the completion response in a structured format according to a Pydantic model or a JSON schema dictionary.

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Sync">
    ```python
    from morphik import Morphik
    from pydantic import BaseModel
    from typing import List

    # Define the desired output structure
    class ResearchFindings(BaseModel):
        main_finding: str
        supporting_evidence: List[str]
        limitations: List[str]

    db = Morphik()

    response = db.query(
        "Summarize the key research findings from these documents",
        filters={"department": "research"},
        schema=ResearchFindings
    )

    # Check if the completion is a dictionary (structured output)
    if isinstance(response.completion, dict):
        try:
            # Parse the dictionary into the Pydantic model
            findings = ResearchFindings(**response.completion)
            print(f"Main finding: {findings.main_finding}")
            print("Supporting evidence:")
            for evidence in findings.supporting_evidence:
                print(f"- {evidence}")
            print("Limitations:")
            for limitation in findings.limitations:
                print(f"- {limitation}")
        except Exception as e:
            print(f"Error parsing structured output: {e}")
            # Fallback: print the raw dictionary
            print(response.completion)
    elif isinstance(response.completion, str):
        # Fallback to text completion
        print(response.completion)
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Async">
    ```python
    from morphik import AsyncMorphik
    from pydantic import BaseModel
    from typing import List

    # Define the desired output structure
    class ResearchFindings(BaseModel):
        main_finding: str
        supporting_evidence: List[str]
        limitations: List[str]

    async with AsyncMorphik() as db:
        response = await db.query(
            "Summarize the key research findings from these documents",
            filters={"department": "research"},
            schema=ResearchFindings
        )

        # Check if the completion is a dictionary (structured output)
        if isinstance(response.completion, dict):
            try:
                # Parse the dictionary into the Pydantic model
                findings = ResearchFindings(**response.completion)
                print(f"Main finding: {findings.main_finding}")
                print("Supporting evidence:")
                for evidence in findings.supporting_evidence:
                    print(f"- {evidence}")
                print("Limitations:")
                for limitation in findings.limitations:
                    print(f"- {limitation}")
            except Exception as e:
                print(f"Error parsing structured output: {e}")
                # Fallback: print the raw dictionary
                print(response.completion)
        elif isinstance(response.completion, str):
            # Fallback to text completion
            print(response.completion)
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

Add folder name filtering capabilities to documentation (#13)

python-sdk/query.mdx, after:

---
title: "query"
description: "Generate completion using relevant chunks as context"
---

# query

Generate completion using relevant chunks as context.

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Sync">
    ```python
    def query(
        query: str,
        filters: Optional[Dict[str, Any]] = None,
        k: int = 4,
        min_score: float = 0.0,
        max_tokens: Optional[int] = None,
        temperature: Optional[float] = None,
        use_colpali: bool = True,
        graph_name: Optional[str] = None,
        hop_depth: int = 1,
        include_paths: bool = False,
        prompt_overrides: Optional[Union[QueryPromptOverrides, Dict[str, Any]]] = None,
        schema: Optional[Union[Type[BaseModel], Dict[str, Any]]] = None,
        llm_config: Optional[Dict[str, Any]] = None,
    ) -> CompletionResponse
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Async">
    ```python
    async def query(
        query: str,
        filters: Optional[Dict[str, Any]] = None,
        k: int = 4,
        min_score: float = 0.0,
        max_tokens: Optional[int] = None,
        temperature: Optional[float] = None,
        use_colpali: bool = True,
        graph_name: Optional[str] = None,
        hop_depth: int = 1,
        include_paths: bool = False,
        prompt_overrides: Optional[Union[QueryPromptOverrides, Dict[str, Any]]] = None,
        schema: Optional[Union[Type[BaseModel], Dict[str, Any]]] = None,
        llm_config: Optional[Dict[str, Any]] = None,
    ) -> CompletionResponse
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## Parameters

- `query` (str): Query text
- `filters` (Dict[str, Any], optional): Optional metadata filters
- `k` (int, optional): Number of chunks to use as context. Defaults to 4.
- `min_score` (float, optional): Minimum similarity threshold. Defaults to 0.0.
- `max_tokens` (int, optional): Maximum tokens in completion
- `temperature` (float, optional): Model temperature
- `use_colpali` (bool, optional): Whether to use ColPali-style embedding model to generate the completion (only works for documents ingested with `use_colpali=True`). Defaults to True.
- `graph_name` (str, optional): Optional name of the graph to use for knowledge graph-enhanced retrieval
- `hop_depth` (int, optional): Number of relationship hops to traverse in the graph (1-3). Defaults to 1.
- `include_paths` (bool, optional): Whether to include relationship paths in the response. Defaults to False.
- `prompt_overrides` (QueryPromptOverrides | Dict[str, Any], optional): Optional customizations for entity extraction, resolution, and query prompts
- `schema` (Type[BaseModel] | Dict[str, Any], optional): Optional schema for structured output, can be a Pydantic model or a JSON schema dict
- `llm_config` (Dict[str, Any], optional): Optional LiteLLM-compatible model configuration (e.g., model name, API key, base URL). Allows overriding the default LLM configuration on a per-query basis. Defaults to None.

## Metadata Filters

Use the same JSON filters described in the [Metadata Filtering concept](/concepts/metadata-filtering) to restrict which documents feed into the completion. Example:

```python
filters = {
    "$and": [
        {"project": {"$eq": "delta"}},
        {"start_date": {"$lte": "2024-06-01T00:00:00Z"}},
        {"end_date": {"$gte": "2024-06-01T00:00:00Z"}}
    ]
}

response = db.query(
    "Summarize current scope changes",
    filters=filters,
    k=6,
    temperature=0.3
)
```

You can also filter by folder name and use expressive operators like `$in`, `$regex`, and `$nin`:

```python
# Query across multiple folders
filters = {
    "$and": [
        {"folder_name": {"$in": ["reports", "invoices"]}},
        {"year": 2024},
        {"priority": {"$gte": 50}}
    ]
}

response = db.query("What are the key financial highlights?", filters=filters)
```

For more advanced filtering patterns, see the [Complex Metadata Filtering cookbook](/cookbooks/complex-metadata-filtering).

## Returns

- `CompletionResponse`: Response containing the completion, source information, and potentially structured output.

## Examples

### Standard Query

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Sync">
    ```python
    from morphik import Morphik
    
    db = Morphik()
    
    response = db.query(
        "What are the key findings about customer satisfaction?",
        filters={"department": "research"},
        temperature=0.7
    )
    
    print(response.completion)
    
    # Print the sources used for the completion
    for source in response.sources:
        print(f"Document ID: {source.document_id}, Chunk: {source.chunk_number}, Score: {source.score}")
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Async">
    ```python
    from morphik import AsyncMorphik
    
    async with AsyncMorphik() as db:
        response = await db.query(
            "What are the key findings about customer satisfaction?",
            filters={"department": "research"},
            temperature=0.7
        )
        
        print(response.completion)
        
        # Print the sources used for the completion
        for source in response.sources:
            print(f"Document ID: {source.document_id}, Chunk: {source.chunk_number}, Score: {source.score}")
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

### Knowledge Graph Enhanced Query

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Sync">
    ```python
    from morphik import Morphik
    
    db = Morphik()
    
    # Use a knowledge graph to enhance the query
    response = db.query(
        "How does product X relate to customer segment Y?",
        graph_name="market_graph",
        hop_depth=2,
        include_paths=True
    )
    
    print(response.completion)
    
    # If include_paths=True, you can inspect the graph paths
    if response.metadata and "graph" in response.metadata:
        for path in response.metadata["graph"]["paths"]:
            print(" -> ".join(path))
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Async">
    ```python
    from morphik import AsyncMorphik
    
    async with AsyncMorphik() as db:
        # Knowledge graph enhanced query
        kg_response = await db.query(
            "How does product X relate to customer segment Y?",
            graph_name="market_graph",
            hop_depth=2,
            include_paths=True
        )
        
        print(kg_response.completion)
        
        # If include_paths=True, you can inspect the graph paths
        if kg_response.metadata and "graph" in kg_response.metadata:
            for path in kg_response.metadata["graph"]["paths"]:
                print(" -> ".join(path))
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

### With Custom Prompt Overrides

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Sync">
    ```python
    from morphik import Morphik
    from morphik.models import QueryPromptOverride, QueryPromptOverrides
    
    db = Morphik()
    
    # Using the QueryPromptOverrides object
    response = db.query(
        "What are the key findings?",
        filters={"category": "research"},
        prompt_overrides=QueryPromptOverrides(
            query=QueryPromptOverride(
                prompt_template="Answer the question in a formal, academic tone: {question}\n\nContext:\n{context}\n\nAnswer:"
            )
        )
    )
    
    # Alternatively, using a dictionary
    response = db.query(
        "What are the key findings?",
        filters={"category": "research"},
        prompt_overrides={
            "query": {
                "prompt_template": "Answer the question in a formal, academic tone: {question}\n\nContext:\n{context}\n\nAnswer:"
            }
        }
    )
    
    print(response.completion)
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Async">
    ```python
    from morphik import AsyncMorphik
    from morphik.models import QueryPromptOverride, EntityExtractionPromptOverride, QueryPromptOverrides
    
    async with AsyncMorphik() as db:
        # Example with both query and entity extraction customization
        response = await db.query(
            "How does the medication affect diabetes?",
            graph_name="medical_graph",
            prompt_overrides=QueryPromptOverrides(
                # Customize how responses are generated
                query=QueryPromptOverride(
                    prompt_template="Provide a concise, medically accurate answer: {question}\n\nContext:\n{context}\n\nAnswer:"
                ),
                # Customize entity extraction
                entity_extraction=EntityExtractionPromptOverride(
                    examples=[
                        {"label": "Insulin", "type": "MEDICATION"},
                        {"label": "Diabetes", "type": "CONDITION"}
                    ]
                )
            )
        )
        
        print(response.completion)
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## CompletionResponse Properties

The `CompletionResponse` object returned by this method has the following properties:

- `completion` (str | Dict[str, Any] | None): The generated completion text or the structured output dictionary.
- `usage` (Dict[str, int]): Token usage information
- `sources` (List[ChunkSource]): Sources of chunks used in the completion
- `metadata` (Dict[str, Any], optional): Additional metadata about the completion. When using a knowledge graph with `include_paths=True`, this contains graph traversal information.
- `finish_reason` (Optional[str]): Reason the generation finished (e.g., 'stop', 'length')

### ChunkSource Properties

Each `ChunkSource` object in the `sources` list has the following properties:

- `document_id` (str): ID of the source document
- `chunk_number` (int): Chunk number within the document
- `score` (Optional[float]): Relevance score (if available)

### Using Custom LLM Configuration

<Note>
The `llm_config` parameter is available in SDK version 0.2.5 and later.
</Note>

Use the `llm_config` parameter to override the default LLM configuration on a per-query basis. This allows you to use different models, API keys, or other LiteLLM-compatible settings for specific queries.

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Sync">
    ```python
    from morphik import Morphik
    
    db = Morphik()
    
    # Use GPT-4 for a specific query
    response = db.query(
        "What are the key findings?",
        llm_config={
            "model": "gpt-4",
            "api_key": "sk-...",
            "base_url": "https://api.openai.com/v1",
            "temperature": 0.7,
            "max_tokens": 2000
        }
    )
    
    print(response.completion)
    
    # Use Claude for another query
    response = db.query(
        "Summarize the research findings",
        llm_config={
            "model": "claude-3-opus-20240229",
            "api_key": "your-anthropic-key"
        }
    )
    
    print(response.completion)
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Async">
    ```python
    from morphik import AsyncMorphik
    
    async with AsyncMorphik() as db:
        # Use GPT-4 for a specific query
        response = await db.query(
            "What are the key findings?",
            llm_config={
                "model": "gpt-4",
                "api_key": "sk-...",
                "base_url": "https://api.openai.com/v1",
                "temperature": 0.7,
                "max_tokens": 2000
            }
        )
        
        print(response.completion)
        
        # Use Claude for another query
        response = await db.query(
            "Summarize the research findings",
            llm_config={
                "model": "claude-3-opus-20240229",
                "api_key": "your-anthropic-key"
            }
        )
        
        print(response.completion)
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

### Using Structured Output

Use the `schema` parameter to get the completion response in a structured format according to a Pydantic model or a JSON schema dictionary.

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Sync">
    ```python
    from morphik import Morphik
    from pydantic import BaseModel
    from typing import List

    # Define the desired output structure
    class ResearchFindings(BaseModel):
        main_finding: str
        supporting_evidence: List[str]
        limitations: List[str]

    db = Morphik()

    response = db.query(
        "Summarize the key research findings from these documents",
        filters={"department": "research"},
        schema=ResearchFindings
    )

    # Check if the completion is a dictionary (structured output)
    if isinstance(response.completion, dict):
        try:
            # Parse the dictionary into the Pydantic model
            findings = ResearchFindings(**response.completion)
            print(f"Main finding: {findings.main_finding}")
            print("Supporting evidence:")
            for evidence in findings.supporting_evidence:
                print(f"- {evidence}")
            print("Limitations:")
            for limitation in findings.limitations:
                print(f"- {limitation}")
        except Exception as e:
            print(f"Error parsing structured output: {e}")
            # Fallback: print the raw dictionary
            print(response.completion)
    elif isinstance(response.completion, str):
        # Fallback to text completion
        print(response.completion)
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Async">
    ```python
    from morphik import AsyncMorphik
    from pydantic import BaseModel
    from typing import List

    # Define the desired output structure
    class ResearchFindings(BaseModel):
        main_finding: str
        supporting_evidence: List[str]
        limitations: List[str]

    async with AsyncMorphik() as db:
        response = await db.query(
            "Summarize the key research findings from these documents",
            filters={"department": "research"},
            schema=ResearchFindings
        )

        # Check if the completion is a dictionary (structured output)
        if isinstance(response.completion, dict):
            try:
                # Parse the dictionary into the Pydantic model
                findings = ResearchFindings(**response.completion)
                print(f"Main finding: {findings.main_finding}")
                print("Supporting evidence:")
                for evidence in findings.supporting_evidence:
                    print(f"- {evidence}")
                print("Limitations:")
                for limitation in findings.limitations:
                    print(f"- {limitation}")
            except Exception as e:
                print(f"Error parsing structured output: {e}")
                # Fallback: print the raw dictionary
                print(response.completion)
        elif isinstance(response.completion, str):
            # Fallback to text completion
            print(response.completion)
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>
